---
title: 'HUMANS: Project Introduction'
date: '2012-05-18T23:53:54+00:00'
status: draft
permalink: '/?p=295'
author: 'Dylan Pavelko'
excerpt: ''
type: post
id: 295
category: []
tag: []
post_format: []
---
For several years now I have been wanting to work on a project that explores and shines light on what uniquely makes us human. What achievements, what emotions, what experiences, what, if anything, defines who we are as the human race.

Too dense? …too bad!

There are a few projects that are inspiring (human experience, and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_) but both appear to have an emphasis on moving forward, and the potential futures of the human race. Perhaps they have a clearer understanding of what it means to be a human then I do, but I would argue that the more you understand

I am still unsure of how I would like to present this information. Initially my theatre background kicked in and I imagined it as a large scale stage show (musical numbers, scenes, and lots of spectacle … while still driving home a unified message). I have also contemplated of perhaps eventually making it into a film project. I have no real experience with film, but would like to learn, and figure it may be easier to capture some of what I want to show. Perhaps a blend of the two, perhaps both, or perhaps something completely different altogether. We’ll see where this goes! 🙂

One of the things that I think will be crucial to the project will be a diversity of opinions, attitudes, beliefs…humans, all contributing to the project. This is where I will need YOUR help. One of the things I think I want to do is ask people from all sorts of different walks of life a few simple questions. Some open-ended, and some closed. Eventually I’d love to have you answer them, but first I need help choosing what you think are the best questions to ask.

I will ask some \_\_\_ stat questions. (so I can see if there are any trends between different types of humans, what is unique and what is different). But the rest is very open? Here are some ideas I have:

-What is the number one defining characteristic of humans?  
(worth commenting on: should I use characteristic, attribute, or some other similar word).

-What characteristic do you think is used to judge/differentiate humans by historically? today?

-What is the greatest achievement for humans?

-What are the three things you consider most important in life?

-What would you say your current goal you are working towards is?

-Do you think there is a universal goal all humans strive for? if so what?

What do you think humans regret the most?